## tsuru

A command-line interface for interacting with tsuru

```
tsuru [flags]
```

### Options

```
  -h, --help            help for tsuru
      --target string   Tsuru server endpoint
      --verbosity int   Verbosity level: 1 => print HTTP requests; 2 => print HTTP requests/responses
```

### SEE ALSO

* [tsuru acl](tsuru_acl.md)	 - Executes the acl plugin.
* [tsuru app](tsuru_app.md)	 - App is a program source code running on Tsuru.
* [tsuru autoscale](tsuru_autoscale.md)	 - Manage autoscaling of application units.
* [tsuru certificate](tsuru_certificate.md)	 - Certificate is used to manage SSL/TLS certificates for secure communication.
* [tsuru change-password](tsuru_change-password.md)	 - Changes the password of the logged in user. It will ask for the current
* [tsuru cluster](tsuru_cluster.md)	 - Manage kubernetes clusters.
* [tsuru cname](tsuru_cname.md)	 - CNAME (Canonical Name) is a custom domain you assign to your application, allowing users to access it via a friendly URL (e.g., myapp.mydomain.com)
* [tsuru completion](tsuru_completion.md)	 - Generate the autocompletion script for the specified shell
* [tsuru deploy](tsuru_deploy.md)	 - Deploy the source code and/or configurations to the application on Tsuru.
* [tsuru dicionario](tsuru_dicionario.md)	 - Executes the dicionario plugin.
* [tsuru env](tsuru_env.md)	 - Manage environment variables from an app or job.
* [tsuru event](tsuru_event.md)	 - Events are used to audit all actions performed on Tsuru resources.
* [tsuru hc](tsuru_hc.md)	 - Executes the hc plugin.
* [tsuru info](tsuru_info.md)	 - Shows information about a specific app. Its state, platform, etc.
* [tsuru job](tsuru_job.md)	 - Job is a program that runs on a schedule or is executed manually
* [tsuru log](tsuru_log.md)	 - Shows log entries for an application. These logs include everything the
* [tsuru login](tsuru_login.md)	 - Initiates a new tsuru session for a user. If using tsuru native authentication
* [tsuru logout](tsuru_logout.md)	 - Logout will terminate the session with the tsuru server.
* [tsuru metadata](tsuru_metadata.md)	 - Metadata is a modern way to define labels and annotations to apps and jobs.
* [tsuru permission](tsuru_permission.md)	 - Manage permissions.
* [tsuru plan](tsuru_plan.md)	 - Plan specifies how computational resources are allocated to your application.
* [tsuru platform](tsuru_platform.md)	 - A platform is a well-defined pack with installed dependencies for a language or framework that a group of applications will need. A platform might be a container template (Docker image).
* [tsuru plugin](tsuru_plugin.md)	 - Plugins are used to extend tsuru client functionality.
* [tsuru pool](tsuru_pool.md)	 - A pool is used by provisioners to allocate space within a cluster for running applications.
* [tsuru provisioner](tsuru_provisioner.md)	 - Manage provisioners.
* [tsuru reset-password](tsuru_reset-password.md)	 - Resets the user password.
* [tsuru role](tsuru_role.md)	 - Manage roles.
* [tsuru rollback](tsuru_rollback.md)	 - Deploys an existing image for an app. You can list available images with `tsuru app deploy list`.
* [tsuru router](tsuru_router.md)	 - A router is a component responsible for routing user traffic to applications.
* [tsuru rpaasv2](tsuru_rpaasv2.md)	 - Executes the rpaasv2 plugin.
* [tsuru service](tsuru_service.md)	 - A service is a well-defined API that tsuru communicates with to provide extra functionality for applications.
* [tsuru shell](tsuru_shell.md)	 - Opens a remote shell inside unit.
* [tsuru tag](tsuru_tag.md)	 - Tags are labels that can be assigned to applications and service instances to help organize and manage them effectively.
* [tsuru target](tsuru_target.md)	 - Target is used to manage the address of the remote tsuru server.
* [tsuru team](tsuru_team.md)	 - Manage teams.
* [tsuru token](tsuru_token.md)	 - Manage team tokens used to authenticate automations through Tsuru.
* [tsuru unit](tsuru_unit.md)	 - A unit is a container.
* [tsuru user](tsuru_user.md)	 - A user is an individual who has access to the tsuru platform.
* [tsuru volume](tsuru_volume.md)	 - Volumes allow applications running on tsuru to use external storage volumes mounted on their filesystem.

###### Auto generated by spf13/cobra on 15-Jan-2026
