## tsuru app create

Creates a new app using the given name and platform. For tsuru,

### Synopsis

Creates a new app using the given name and platform. For tsuru,
a platform is provisioner dependent. To check the available platforms, use the
command [[tsuru platform list]] and to add a platform use the command [[tsuru platform add]].

In order to create an app, you need to be member of at least one team. All
teams that you are member (see [[tsuru team-list]]) will be able to access the
app.

The [[--platform]] parameter is the name of the platform to be used when
creating the app. This will define how tsuru understands and executes your
app. The list of available platforms can be found running [[tsuru platform list]].

The [[--plan]] parameter defines the plan to be used. The plan specifies how
computational resources are allocated to your application. Typically this
means limits for memory and swap usage, and how much cpu share is allocated.
The list of available plans can be found running [[tsuru plan list]].

If this parameter is not informed, tsuru will choose the plan with the
[[default]] flag set to true.

The [[--router]] parameter defines the router to be used. The list of available
routers can be found running [[tsuru router-list]].

If this parameter is not informed, tsuru will choose the router with the
[[default]] flag set to true.

The [[--team]] parameter describes which team is responsible for the created
app, this is only needed if the current user belongs to more than one team, in
which case this parameter will be mandatory.

The [[--pool]] parameter defines which pool your app will be deployed.
This is only needed if you have more than one pool associated with your teams.

The [[--description]] parameter sets a description for your app.
It is an optional parameter, and if its not set the app will only not have a
description associated.

The [[--tag]] parameter sets a tag to your app. You can set multiple [[--tag]] parameters.

The [[--router-opts]] parameter allow passing custom parameters to the router
used by the application's plan. The key and values used depends on the router
implementation.

```
tsuru app create <appname> [platform] [--plan/-p plan name] [--router/-r router name] [--team/-t team owner] [--pool/-o pool name] [--description/-d description] [--tag/-g tag]... [--router-opts key=value]... [flags]
```

### Options

```
  -d, --description string      App description
  -p, --plan string             The plan used to create the app
  -o, --pool string             Pool to deploy your app
  -r, --router string           The router used by the app
      --router-opts key=value   Router options
  -g, --tag string              App tag
  -t, --team string             Team owner app
  -h, --help                    help for create
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
      --target string   Tsuru server endpoint
      --verbosity int   Verbosity level: 1 => print HTTP requests; 2 => print HTTP requests/responses
```

### SEE ALSO

* [tsuru app](tsuru_app.md)	 - App is a program source code running on Tsuru.

###### Auto generated by spf13/cobra on 16-Jan-2026
