## tsuru app

App is a program source code running on Tsuru.

### Options

```
  -h, --help   help for app
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
      --target string   Tsuru server endpoint
      --verbosity int   Verbosity level: 1 => print HTTP requests; 2 => print HTTP requests/responses
```

### SEE ALSO

* [tsuru](tsuru.md)	 - A command-line interface for interacting with tsuru
* [tsuru app build](tsuru_app_build.md)	 - Build a container image following the app deploy's workflow - but do not change anything on the running application on Tsuru.
* [tsuru app create](tsuru_app_create.md)	 - Creates a new app using the given name and platform. For tsuru,
* [tsuru app deploy](tsuru_app_deploy.md)	 - Deploy the source code and/or configurations to the application on Tsuru.
* [tsuru app grant](tsuru_app_grant.md)	 - Allows a team to access an application. You need to be a member of a team that
* [tsuru app info](tsuru_app_info.md)	 - Shows information about a specific app. Its state, platform, etc.
* [tsuru app list](tsuru_app_list.md)	 - Lists all apps that you have access to. App access is controlled by teams. If
* [tsuru app log](tsuru_app_log.md)	 - Shows log entries for an application. These logs include everything the
* [tsuru app metadata](tsuru_app_metadata.md)	 - Metadata is a modern way to define labels and annotations to apps.
* [tsuru app process](tsuru_app_process.md)	 - An application process represents a command that runs as part of the application.
* [tsuru app quota](tsuru_app_quota.md)	 - Quotas are used to safeguard the cluster against undesired or excessive scaling.
* [tsuru app remove](tsuru_app_remove.md)	 - Removes an application. If the app is bound to any service instance, all binds
* [tsuru app restart](tsuru_app_restart.md)	 - Restarts an application, or one of the processes of the application.
* [tsuru app revoke](tsuru_app_revoke.md)	 - Revokes the permission to access an application from a team. You need to have
* [tsuru app router](tsuru_app_router.md)	 - Router is a component responsible for routing user traffic to applications.
* [tsuru app routes](tsuru_app_routes.md)	 - Manage routes within the application router.
* [tsuru app run](tsuru_app_run.md)	 - Runs an arbitrary command in application's containers. The base directory for
* [tsuru app shell](tsuru_app_shell.md)	 - Opens a remote shell inside unit.
* [tsuru app start](tsuru_app_start.md)	 - Starts an application, or one of the processes of the application.
* [tsuru app stop](tsuru_app_stop.md)	 - Stops an application, or one of the processes of the application.
* [tsuru app update](tsuru_app_update.md)	 - Updates an app, changing its description, tags, plan or pool information.

###### Auto generated by spf13/cobra on 16-Jan-2026
