## tsuru app deploy

Deploy the source code and/or configurations to the application on Tsuru.

### Synopsis

Deploy the source code and/or configurations to the application on Tsuru.

Files specified in the ".tsuruignore" file are skipped - similar to ".gitignore". It also honors ".dockerignore" file if deploying with container file (--dockerfile).

Examples:
  To deploy using app's platform build process (just sending source code and/or configurations):
    Uploading all files within the current directory
      $ tsuru app deploy -a <APP> .

    Uploading all files within a specific directory
      $ tsuru app deploy -a <APP> mysite/

    Uploading specific files
      $ tsuru app deploy -a <APP> ./myfile.jar ./Procfile

    Uploading specific files (ignoring their base directories)
      $ tsuru app deploy -a <APP> --files-only ./my-code/main.go ./tsuru_stuff/Procfile

  To deploy using a container image:
    $ tsuru app deploy -a <APP> --image registry.example.com/my-company/app:v42

  To deploy using container file ("docker build" mode):
    Sending the the current directory as container build context - uses Dockerfile file as container image instructions:
      $ tsuru app deploy -a <APP> --dockerfile .

    Sending a specific container file and specific directory as container build context:
      $ tsuru app deploy -a <APP> --dockerfile ./Dockerfile.other ./other/


```
tsuru app deploy [--app <app name>] [--image <container image name>] [--dockerfile <container image file>] [--message <message>] [--files-only] [--new-version] [--override-old-versions] [file-or-dir ...] [flags]
```

### Options

```
  -a, --app string              The name of the app.
  -i, --image string            The image to deploy in app
  -m, --message string          A message describing this deploy
  -f, --files-only              Enables single file deployment into the root of the app's tree
      --new-version             Creates a new version for the current deployment while preserving existing versions
      --override-old-versions   Force replace all deployed versions by this new deploy
      --dockerfile string       Container file
  -h, --help                    help for deploy
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
      --target string   Tsuru server endpoint
      --verbosity int   Verbosity level: 1 => print HTTP requests; 2 => print HTTP requests/responses
```

### SEE ALSO

* [tsuru app](tsuru_app.md)	 - App is a program source code running on Tsuru.
* [tsuru app deploy list](tsuru_app_deploy_list.md)	 - List information about deploys for an application.
* [tsuru app deploy rebuild](tsuru_app_deploy_rebuild.md)	 - Rebuild and deploy the last app image.
* [tsuru app deploy rollback](tsuru_app_deploy_rollback.md)	 - Deploys an existing image for an app. You can list available images with `tsuru app deploy list`.

###### Auto generated by spf13/cobra on 15-Jan-2026
